We need to talk, my missus.
How's that? Too strong?
Ugh.
Couldn't soften the tone a little bit.
I think that would help.
Whoa.
For a second, I could have sworn you were my wife, Doctor.
That's funny. You must have the same eyes or something.
So, so flattered. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No.
I appreciate you helping me with that.
Now I have to go have a good talk with my wife.
Great. You do that.
Sorry. The number you are calling is not available.
Please try again later.
Strange.
Where could Elaine be?
Why can't I reach her?
I'll expose that fraud.
Only one who won't deceive me.
Miss Jessie, I personally confirmed it.
The fraud is indeed Clara, not Elaine.
Also, I found proof that the real Elaine is abroad.
Tell me more.